(DOCSP-39191) VPC Private Endpoint note about IP Access Lists (#761)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/security/private-endpoints.txt

  <operation/allNonVpcClientRequests>` with a boolean value (``true`` to remove
  the default restriction, or ``false`` to reinstate it.)

> IP Access Lists and Private Endpoints

Reviewer: If I'm reading this right - that Private Endpoints ignore the IP Access List - it feels a bit like we're burying the lede here. I might reframe/rename this section to something like:

"Private Endpoints Ignore IP Access Lists" and lead with that detail. Then, you could follow with the information that public requests still adhere to the IP Access List as expected.

Author: That's definitely clearer. Thank you!

-------------------------------------

> When you enable private endpoints, you can still enable access to your App Services application using other methods, such as adding public IPs to :ref:`IP access lists 

Reviewer: Nit - this line should be wrapped as it looks significantly longer than our 80 character line width.

Author: Ah, yep. Thank you! I committed one of Melodee's suggestions and didn't think the break the line.

  <operation/allNonVpcClientRequests>` with a boolean value (``true`` to remove
  the default restriction, or ``false`` to reinstate it.)

IP Access Lists and Private Endpoints
-------------------------------------

> When you enable private endpoints, you can still enable access to your Atlas
> clusters using other methods, such as adding public IPs to :ref:`IP access lists 
> <ip-access-list>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you enable private endpoints, you can still enable access to your App Services application using other methods, such as adding public IPs to :ref:`IP access lists 
<ip-access-list>`.
```

> Private endpoints do not need to be added to IP access lists, as requests

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Private IPs do not need to be added to IP access lists, as requests
```
